README.md, before:

# Weather App

A responsive, single-page application (SPA) for checking weather conditions using the OpenWeatherMap API.

## Features

- Search for weather by city name
- Get weather for your current location using the Geolocation API
- View current weather conditions and 5-day forecast
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile devices
- Dark mode support based on system preferences
- Recent searches history

## Technologies Used

- Vue.js 3 with Composition API
- TypeScript for type safety
- Vue Router for navigation
- Pinia for state management
- Axios for API requests
- SCSS for styling
- Geolocation Web API

## Project Structure

The project follows Atomic Design principles for component organization:

- **atoms**: Basic building blocks (Button, Input)
- **molecules**: Groups of atoms (SearchForm, LocationWeather)
- **organisms**: Complex UI sections (WeatherCard, ForecastList, WeatherDetail)
- **views**: Full pages (HomeView, WeatherDetailView)

Other directories:
- **api**: API service for OpenWeatherMap
- **router**: Vue Router configuration
- **store**: Pinia store for state management
- **types**: TypeScript interfaces and types

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your OpenWeatherMap API key:
   ```
   VITE_OPENWEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```
4. Run the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn dev
   ```
5. Build for production:
   ```
   npm run build
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn build
   ```

## Accessibility Features

- Semantic HTML elements
- ARIA attributes for screen readers
- Keyboard navigation support
- Color contrast that meets WCAG guidelines
- Responsive design for all device sizes

## Performance Optimizations

- Lazy loading of route components
- Caching of API responses
- Optimized images and assets
- Minimized re-renders using computed properties

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add weather and user profile stores with associated components
Introduce Pinia stores for weather and user profile management, including centralized state handling and actions. Add WeatherCard, SearchForm, and ProfileView components for dynamic user interaction and integrate global store functionality into the application structure.

README.md, after:

# Weather App

A responsive, single-page application (SPA) for checking weather conditions using the OpenWeatherMap API.

## Features

- Search for weather by city name
- Get weather for your current location using the Geolocation API
- View current weather conditions and 5-day forecast
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile devices
- Dark mode support based on system preferences
- Recent searches history
- User profile management with editable information
- Country code selection for phone numbers
- Automatic display of weather for London, Paris, and current location on startup
- Smart UI that hides the "Use My Location" button when local weather is already displayed

## Technologies Used

- Vue.js 3 with Composition API
- TypeScript for type safety
- Vue Router for navigation
- Pinia for state management
- Axios for API requests
- SCSS for styling
- Geolocation Web API

## Project Structure

The project follows Atomic Design principles for component organization:

- **atoms**: Basic building blocks (Button, Input)
- **molecules**: Groups of atoms (SearchForm, LocationWeather)
- **organisms**: Complex UI sections (WeatherCard, ForecastList, WeatherDetail)
- **views**: Full pages (HomeView, WeatherDetailView, ProfileView)

Other directories:
- **api**: API service for OpenWeatherMap
- **router**: Vue Router configuration
- **store**: Pinia store for state management
- **types**: TypeScript interfaces and types

## Setup and Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:
   ```
   npm install
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn
   ```
3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory with your OpenWeatherMap API key:
   ```
   VITE_OPENWEATHER_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```
4. Run the development server:
   ```
   npm run dev
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn dev
   ```
5. Build for production:
   ```
   npm run build
   ```
   or
   ```
   yarn build
   ```

## Accessibility Features

- Semantic HTML elements
- ARIA attributes for screen readers
- Keyboard navigation support
- Color contrast that meets WCAG guidelines
- Responsive design for all device sizes

## Performance Optimizations

- Lazy loading of route components
- Caching of API responses
- Optimized images and assets
- Minimized re-renders using computed properties

## License

MIT
